[Schema Registry Avro] Providing a message encoder (#18365)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/schemaregistry/schema-registry-avro/README.md

# Azure Schema Registry Avro Encoder client library for JavaScript

Azure Schema Registry is a schema repository service hosted by Azure Event Hubs,
providing schema storage, versioning, and management. This package provides an

> Avro encoder capable of serializing and deserializing payloads containing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Avro encoder capable of encoding and decoding payloads containing
```

## Key concepts

### SchemaRegistryAvroEncoder

Provides API to encode to and decode from Avro Binary Encoding wrapped in a message
with a content type field containing the schema ID. Uses
`SchemaRegistryClient` from the [@azure/schema-registry](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure/schema-registry) package
to get schema IDs from schema definition or vice versa. The provided API has internal cache to avoid calling the schema registry service when possible.

### Message structure

The same format is used by schema registry encoders across Azure SDK languages.

> Messages are structured contains two fields as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Messages are structured as follows:
```
